Code of Conduct
===============

Our Pledge
----------

Breakthrough Energy Foundation is committed to creating a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Our Standards
-------------

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

+ Showing empathy and kindness toward community members
+ Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
+ Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
+ Accepting responsibility for our mistakes
+ Using welcoming and inclusive language

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

+ The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
+ Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
+ Public or private harassment
+ Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
+ Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting


Our Responsibilities
--------------------

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and restorative action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Scope
-----

This Code of Conduct applies within all project and community spaces, and also applies when an individual is (or could be interpreted as) officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

What to do in case of violations
--------------------------------

If you believe someone is violating the code of conduct in one of our online platforms, we ask that you report it by emailing modelinfo@breakthroughenergy.org. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All project maintainers are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

What to include in your report:

+ Your contact information (so we can get in touch with you if we need to follow up)
+ Names of any individuals involved (real names, nicknames, or pseudonyms). If there were other witnesses besides you, please try to include them as well.
+ When and where the incident occurred. Please be as specific as possible.
+ Your account of what occurred. If there is a publicly available record (e.g., a mailing list archive or a public chat logger) please include a link. Our Slack Team is currently on a free plan that does not retain more than 10,000 messages of history, if an incident occurred on Slack please take a screenshot so it is not lost.
+ Any extra context you believe existed for the incident.
+ Whether you believe this incident is ongoing.
+ Any other information you believe we should have.


Response Playbook
-----------------

Project maintainers will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

1. Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from project maintainers, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

2. Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

3. Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

4. Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.

Attribution
-----------

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.0, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html.
Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla’s code of conduct enforcement ladder.
For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq. Translations are available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations.
